[Music]
Why are you so
I can do this by myself?
I don't need to be
my own
heart my home. Do you know? Do you know?
Do you know? Do you know that it's all
right? I was tripping on the phone
again. You sounded so depressed. Will
you tell you?
Was it you or me? I just
wanted to make you
[Music]
Don't
cry.
Don't cry.
I'm right here.
It's a while. You've got the prettiest
voice. They're so lucky to have you. You
were the obvious choice. I'm not that
great at dancing
anyway. This feeling I'm
just
woke up.
Oh [__] What did I do? pulled hair out
of my man and over again. This anxiety
is killing me. Or did I just forget?
[Music]
againstinkle
in your
I know you're
here by
your racing heart or the red in your
cheeks. Do you know? Do you know? Do you
know? Do you know you're my best friend?
Your voice is now crying again. Will you
tell you
if I can hold you close? Please just
tell me what's on your mind. You say
now. Do you know? Do you know? Do you
know much better than I know
around thewhere?
[Music]
Heat. Heat. N.
We've been dancing
now. I understand.
I'm in love. I'm in love. I'm in love
with your heart.
That silent smile
on your mind.
Tell me what's on your
mind.
[Music]
thinking about the way you look to me.
the way you're in my head.
Hold on
for
not like when we first met.
[Music]
Hold on before I forget.
Hold on before we
[Music]
Hold
on
for
love so easily.
Please
say
[Music]
to our shall we not stray.
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow meow meow
everyone
cuz I'm meow Owing in the dark.
[Music]
There's a part of me that really wants
to remake All of Tales from Equestria
cuz I actually really like this album,
but there are some things it could be
like updated with to be like
better.
[Music]
And also like for whatever reason my
voice is like very different for Tails
from Questa for specifically.
I'm not entirely sure why
cuz I think my tambber would be very
different from
from this. Now,
you know what's crazy? Okay, what's
crazy is
I I even played I can't stop thinking at
at Mayhem. Um,
I think that's the coolest thing ever.
Okay, cool.
Very nice.
I was wondering how many of the tails
from Questier projects would be broken
because of how much like non-standard
project organization I was doing.
Anyway, hello, welcome stream.
Let me release the pill flings.
Whoever wishes to yell may start
yelling.
Help me. Help.
You're fine. You're fine. You're fine.
You're fine. You're fine.
Get me the [__] out of here,
baby.
We're We've We've got Baddie. We've got
Pika. We've got Stardust.
Um,
nice. Also, really quick, how how has
the [__] Gangnam style House of Blues
stayed up online for this long?
Cuz if you don't know, um,
if you put a location on YouTube, it has
to be a location that's on Google Maps.
Like, it can't be just a random like
series of words. Um,
at one point I there a year or two or
maybe even three ago, probably like two
one or two years ago, um, I I said on
like Twitter, someone should take a
random house in New Jersey
and just call it Gangnam Style House of
Blues and it's like a place of worship.
And then like a year later or something,
someone ended up actually doing it and
it's just been it's been on Google Maps
as an official place for like 6 months
or more.
It It's like a go on Google and and look
up Gangom Style House of Blues on Google
Maps. It's like actually there. I don't
know how it's been there for that long.
It's just some random person's house in
New Jersey.
Per try not to be try not to be super
cool challenge. They're gardening. Bro,
that's the Gundam style house of
gardens.
Absolut
failed it about I already failed that
[__] about like five years ago, man.
You're you're the coolest ever, Pico.
Remember the orange box? Remember
the apple box? The grape box?
Remember the blue and orange box?
Okay. Okay. Bean's not even here.
The reviews on it. Yeah, the reviews say
place was pretty cool. I especially
liked this one moose turkey shadow. I
think it was like Pilford or something.
[__] Shad. [__] Shad commented was
one star out of five. I know where
everything is.
That's really good.
Also, the funny the thing that the thing
that like warms my heart is is like
despite the fact that this photo was
taken so many years ago now that this is
that this this is like people are
posting this.
It's so It's really beautiful. It is
really beautiful.
Hey,
someone in chat pointed something out.
Why does the House of Blues close at
3:28 p.m.?
Well, cuz that's when it dies, remember?
Oh.
Um I want to see if I can find the
original
I'm going to see if I can find the
original photo. But like
I remember going to that house one time
like like I'm I'm not going to lie to
you. The wafers taste like [__] I
wouldn't go. Oh, not the wafers, man.
I I don't even [__] with the wafers. You
know this.
The wine is like amazing, but like it's
really not worth it for the wafers.
Yeah,
you you made a song called that.
ware
I tried to mute stream for my sneeze,
but it failed.
Oh, I muted it for Discord, but not
stream.
Uhoh.
You're like Sneezer like I'm Wait a
minute.
Rosio.
No, the wafer is like the body of Sai.
Get it right.
Yeah,
you own the store.
I own the store.
Uh, while I'm going through these
screenshots really quickly, uh, here's a
screenshot of my YouTube channel from
uh May 31st, 2013 from my iPad.
This is like crazy.
This is nuts.
I have older images, too, but this is
just the one that I'm hovering over
right now. I don't quite remember which
one where I'm going to find the
Fluttershy image.
Oh [__] Wait, also everyone can see my
the original Violet
uh cuz Cany Cany was supposed to be
Violet and then didn't work out. So the
actual first version of Violet was this.
This is like a whole It was like a whole
situation.
So friendly and trustworthy. I would
give them my car keys. And I think I
explained this before cuz a lot of
people a lot of people still ask me.
Uh you were faking remixes when you were
barely a teenager. Yeah. I I first
started releasing music publicly when I
was 13.
Um but I've been making
songs since I was about seven.
Um, but the way it works was my original
Cutie Mark was cuz Vinyl Scratch's cutie
mark was this. And I originally just
wanted to be Vinyl Scratch, but I
couldn't because DJ Pone 3 was already
vinyl scratched or scrattton at the
time. And so what I did was I just, you
know, I flipped that [__] upside down
or more like more like this way too,
right? And then what happened was I got
a fan art one time and it must have been
sometime in 2013
cuz I don't have a record of the
original fan art that did this, but I do
remember it. What happened was someone
drew my OC and they misinterpreted
this shape as being a puzzle piece where
it was this way.
And if you look at this progression,
seeing the puzzle piece actually makes
sense cuz these knobs here are similar
to these parts of the music note. And
you can see that like there's like the
phantom of that here.
Mhm.
And I liked the idea and so I was just
like, "Oh, [__] it. I'll keep it. Okay,
we'll keep the puzzle piece." And that's
how I got the puzzle piece, Kitty Mark.
Uh, and I kept it and I I started to
interpret as being like, I love puzzles
first and foremostly. Uh, and also, um,
I like doing problem solving and [__] I
I like to solve problems.
Uh, and so I was just like, yeah, that
works with the puzzle piece. And it
doesn't just limit me to music cuz I do
all sorts of things. Music is obviously
my main thing, but like the puzzle piece
gives me a little bit more freedom. Um,
anyway, um, I don't know who made it. I
do not have their name. I don't have the
original fan art. And I'm pretty sure
all my DMs have been wiped because
Instagram has like rebuilt itself a
million times. I've done uh archive
requests of my Instagram account several
times and I couldn't find anything
anywhere. Um
and the most inconvenient part is um as
most people know I'm a very very
meticulous archavist. I keep records of
as much stuff as I can that matters to
me. Um, and well,
unfortunately, there is a really big gap
in photo information.
Um,
sometime after August 2013,
I do not really have most of my camera
roll up to the near end of 2014,
which is a huge gap of photos that I
just do not have. The only record I have
of them um at all are photos I put up on
my old Instagram that are still there.
Um
but I lost all of those. And the reason
why is cuz that iPad got wiped and I
must have not backed that one up
properly.
So it is a big tragedy. Most of the
images that I care about I still have as
a part of my Instagram archive. But
unfortunately
um I just don't have some other stuff
including the original puzzle piece fan
art that people had gi that person had
given me. I don't remember much about
that person. I don't think we ever
became friends. I don't even really know
how I got fan art because no one really
knew who I was. I wasn't really doing
anything. So, I it's there's a whole
bunch of factors that make this really
difficult. I found a possible candidate
at one point of someone who may have had
some involvement with the person who may
have drawn it. Um, the only lead I had
was some obscure Deviant Dart account
that I messaged a long time ago as a
part of an inquiry and it just didn't
really do it. Just I didn't get a
response or anything. So
there's all this is again being someone
who tends to archive as much as
possible, it is kind of a huge shame to
me that I just do not have like this
canon event, but this did happen. It it
really did happen.
Um anyway, so this is the photo in
question.
I originally took this photo on June
22nd,
2013, about a literal year
after I had officially
gotten into like um MLP stuff.
And I originally used it as the single
cover for
of FIM,
the song, which originally came out in
September 7th, 2013.
Um,
for whatever reason, I haven't been like
really attached to this photo for a
really long time.
Uh, there's something about the framing,
the lighting, the like just the pose of
everything like how the hair the the
mane is styled and everything. I was
doing my taxes today.
You were doing your taxes today in July.
Maybe not American perhaps
or some other thing.
But that's that like hit me like a brick
wall. What do you mean you're doing your
taxes today?
Oh, Australia. Okay,
that that makes more sense. I got really
scared for a second. I was like, hm.
Okay. Anyway, um
it's okay. I'm usually late with a lot
of my tax [__]
Um, but yeah, I I part of me has been
considering reusing this photo for
another album cover sometime.
What is the anthonymph pronounced? Is
pronounced antonyym. It's a combination
of the word antonym and nymph.
Hi, Judo. Shout out Judo.
Judo with the [__] uh dual-headed
hydronoid single cover is uh is is fire
as hell.
Very excited. Um
by the way uh I just finished the
booklets for the album. There's three
booklets. We're doing three booklets.
Uh, I checked. Okay, so
Band Camp only allows you to have 300
megabytes of like bonus files
um,
for your albums. And everything I'm
putting inside the album is going to hit
almost exactly the 300 megabyte limit.
It's like really funny. I did that did
the test last night.
Um,
is LPS going to get a CD release? Uh, I
don't know yet. I'm going to I'm going
to wait when the way I evaluate the CD
releases is if people like it's received
well enough that like we know that it
will, you know, probably sell out of the
stock that I buy. The only exception to
this was the Super Pony World CDs
because I didn't give a [__] about that
one. I was just like, I need this one to
exist on CD. So,
um,
am I able to show
I'm gonna show a little preview
actually.
Uh, so I'm not going to go through the
whole booklet, but I'm going to show a
little bit of it cuz it's it's cool. Um,
I did the entire lyrics booklet based
off of like Mac OS Snow Leopard
aesthetic. So, first page looks like
this.
And what you're seeing is all
graphically designed. This wasn't done
on an actual computer desktop. This is
like made from uh in I made this in
Figma.
So the entire booklet's going to look
like this.
Um, and then let's get a preview of like
the first page and then I'll put this
away. Um, what inspired you to sample
Oh, yeah, Mr. Krabs. Because we're we're
going MLG.
We're going MLG on this album. Sort of.
But yeah, here's uh
Oh, wait. No, I I'll show this, too.
Huge fan. Huge fan of this page,
actually.
Love you, guys. Love you though.
Major League G.
Never again.
Yeah, they'll say the iTunes store if it
was like good.
Okay. And then the first page, and then
I'll put this away, but all the song
pages are going to look like this
basically.
So, you have the lyrics here.
Uh, well, the the windows actually move
around, but the the lyrics have its own
window. There's like a notes and like
background page.
Then I have like photos that are either
related or unrelated to everything. I
have the credits as the note app and
every single song has one of these as
well.
Seductive turtle 257.
Um actually, okay, so here's the other
thing. I
when when I was working on this booklet,
everyone uh in PVCord said I was doing a
torture chamber cuz it was like a lot of
[__] work to do all this [__] Um,
but this here
I made from like I I remade this. This
isn't an actual window. Um, I was trying
to Okay, I originally for this booklet
was trying to like install a virtual box
version of Mac OS Snow Leopard and I
couldn't get anything to work. I
couldn't get anything to like
I couldn't get anything to work. So, I
ended up just be like, "Fuck it. I'm
just going to remake all of this." So
again, this isn't an actual window. I I
made these.
It's [__] stupid.
Daddy said good.
Yeah. I mean, I knew it would be hard to
make a virtual machine work of it, but
it's like, man, I'm on a Mac, so like
that's not fair. That's whatever.
Yeah, it was it was pain, but it it
worked out. I did the whole lyrics book
within like a week or two.
So it was fine.
Um
there's also a lot of writing
I did supplementally. Uh
so
hold on.
Uh where am I going? I'm over here. So
the
story booklet is formatted like this as
like text messages. So, this is like the
11 pony step story part
is there and then um
let me go to the
assets pages. The lyrics booklet and
then the normal scale. Not that one. Oh,
it's the assets and then the bios.
So, I'm going to just like run through
very quickly all of the writing I did
for the album for like the the lyrics
and the notes. Here you go. Oh, wait.
No, let's do the two times upskilled.
Here you go. Here's everything. Here's
everything that's going to be in the
booklet.
There's a lot of stuff to read if
anyone's interested in reading at all.
Um, anyway, the booklet is going to or
the the the album is going to have like
300 megabytes of bonus files. So, good
luck everyone.
How long did that take? Um,
does anyone know? I think it was like
two weeks, right?
I have 10 blindness.
Baddy,
from what I remember, it was about one
week.
Wait, what?
Oh, just how long did the supplementary
material for the album take to write?
Oh, the supplementary [__] Yeah, maybe
two weeks.
Okay. I don't know.
I think it was like about a more like a
week and a half probably.
Yeah.
Um including the
the story part
I would say.
I keep feeling like it's been a few
days.
Yeah. No, it's it's been a bit.
Is there a bot in Discord call? Oh,
Baddy's just using text to speech. Why
are we at 105 viewers?
Um,
can we 328 viewers?
No, that would be if if we reach 328
viewers, I'd probably just end the
stream. I can't do that.
Um,
and also last but not least, this is the
piracy cover. So, I was talking on
Twitter and a little bit on other
streams how I wanted to have like a
separate cover for for like people who
would be like torrenting or downloading
the album like piracy wise. And uh, this
is it.
It's It's 500 by 500 resolution to like
help it feel like lime wire [__]
Um, this will come with the uh Love &
Pony Step Band Camp download. So,
obviously anyone who starts, you know,
putting the [__] up everywhere else, um,
you'll have access to the cover. So,
nice.
Um anyway,
yeah. So, as of was it yesterday?
I think it was yesterday, I finally
finished all my work for Love & Pony
Step. All the distribution stuff is
done. Um all the booklets are done, the
story is done, the all the the
everything is done.
And um so I have nothing else to do but
wait for it to release.
And I'm very excited. I've already seen
some people getting really mad at the
singles being like,
"Oh my god, back to the stupid EDM [__]
I'm so angry."
I hope this album isn't entirely that
dumb voice.
I'm like, you fallen right into my trap.
This is I get so much joy out of this.
You don't get it. Feed me more
if you will.
Um, yeah, it's funny.
What do you mean they're mad? People h
people have like People have like a
hatred issue with like EDM.
Why did you become Craig for a second
there? Cuz likes to talk sometimes. E,
who likes music?
It's so true. No, I'm like, I had so
much fun with this album. You can't take
that [__] away from me.
If they complain about the high voice,
make your next album entirely, Shelly.
No, it's true. It's true.
Um, here's the thing, though. Uh, I'm
going to like I want to make a video
about this sometime in the future. Um,
but
I don't love the label Hyper Pop for a
lot of different reasons. Um,
uh, and I can get into that. We we've
talked about it a little on on these
streams before, but you know, uh not
everyone is is here for all of them, so
the information can go astray. But
Hyperpop as a label is a really weird
one to me. And most of the time, I find
it to be an inappropriate label.
But
for this album,
I am reclaiming the term hyperpop from
its connotations
specifically. Um, basically the idea
with Love and Pony Step is Love and Pony
Step is a is a broep and electroop
album. However, if it pisses off like
[__] call it hyperpop. That's the
idea.
If it like pisses off weird people, call
it hyperpop. Otherwise, it's a bro step
up step an electronic electroop album.
That's that's how I view it.
Um,
I thought about this before again, like
hyperpop is not really a genre. It never
was supposed to be a genre.
um in around in the mid2010s
there was a big movement to like
deconstruct pop music and sort of like
emphasize different elements of it and
um there was never really a word for it.
It was really just like different
elements of electrop and bubblegum bass
and whatnot. Hyperpop as a term uh came
out of like there was a label called
hyperpop. We I was try talking about
this with Tracy quite a bit. Um and that
was really the only thing that was
hyperp like a self-proclamation.
Um
a lot of the stuff like Hunter Gex and
and the adjacent stuff that was coming
out in like 2019, this stuff was just
called like deconstructed club. This
stuff was just like electronic dance
music in a way, you know. um when
hyperpop became quote unquote a thing
unquote is kind of around the time
Spotify started grouping all of these
stereotypical sounds into playlists and
calling it hyperpop. And that [__]
sucks first and foremostly to have a lot
of like this music history and culture
um defined by a corporation like
Spotify. That's part of the main
contention. The other thing is is
the people who are participating in the
scene that we would call hyperpop um
these songs don't all sound even
remotely the same is the thing is the
the main similarity was the people who
were in it and
um the goals and aspirations of
deconstructing music and repurposing it
for you know other things. Um, and so
what what makes Hyperpop even weirder as
a label is that it's not a genre because
the true songs in the scene don't sound
the same. What Spotify wants is for the
most sugary stereotypical version of
this deconstructed electro pop to just
be called hyperpop.
Um, and it's like in reality if we are
going to continue to use hyperpop as a
label, it should be as a scene rather
than a genre. But moving on from that,
the other thing is that hyperpop has
been used as a as a way to uh
what is the word? It's to diminish the
efforts of like queer artists and people
of color. Uh because the so-called
hyperpup scene was basically like led
entirely by by queer artists and people
of color.
And now is this idea of Spotify taking
this assigning it to a stereotype and
saying this is hyperpop. This is all it
will ever be. You know, call anything
that annoys you hyperpop. It's like
that's awesome, isn't it? That's great.
Thank you for that.
Um,
and then essentially, again, I've said
this a million times, but you'll see
people who will go out and start
calling, you know, queer music hyperpop
if they don't like it because they've
used hyperpop synonymous synonymously as
a way to describe something as being
annoying and brash to them. And it's
always going to be in relation to
someone who's like queer essentially.
The word hyperpop does sound cool, which
is why all of this kind of sucks.
Um,
and so I I've seen this kind of
commentary on my own stuff is people
will people there there there were a few
comments from people who were saying
Monarch of Monsters was hyperpop.
Obviously, there is no world in which
Monarch of Monsters is even remotely
hyper pop, right? There's absolutely no
way. It just it just can't be. And but
that's not what they're saying. The
person the people saying Monarch Busters
was hyperpop is they're saying you queer
person, you will only ever be this
stereotype that we created and that's
all we value you as. That's what they
were saying.
And that's what I'm talking about with
how contentious this label can be. It's
weird.
That said,
I'm calling Love and Pony Step Hyper Pop
as a reclamation. I'm saying that it's
hyperpop because I'm stronger than all
these people.
Lesbian Pon Weapons is hyperpop, but
that's because I I described it as that
and it was intentionally
participating in the scene of Hyperpop.
The problem with Lesbian Ponies with
Weapons is it sounds like the
stereotype, which is kind of unfortunate
because I enjoyed making that song and I
like that song, but I think that didn't
really help the narrative of Hyperpop
becoming a stereotypical label. You know
what I mean?
So,
it's not a genre. It's more of a scene.
The thing is, I would really love to do
fullon research projects and do a video
on this at some point because I think
this topic is really interesting and I
think it could lead into further
conversations about how um the terms,
movements, and and media created by um
people of color and and queer people um
become bastardized for the purposes of
corporates, corporate interests. and
bigots of some variety. I think we could
find a very interesting jumping off
point with Hyperpop because this is so
much more recent.
Um,
also this is completely tangential, but
I have another video to make very soon
as well because
um this is this is like not related to
anything we were talking about at all,
but um I'm ready to start talking about
it.
Let me open Ableton really quickly.
I'm going to talk about the Antarious
thing.
This is exciting.
By the way, tonight we're doing um
Resident Evil 4
once we're done with our little intro.
I haven't played a single Resident Evil
game before, so yeah.
I would not want to worry about
stereotypes, but you know, if it were
all just about people having opinions,
it would be whatever. But people use
these stereotypes as a way to
purposefully hurt other people where it
becomes a lot less about just verbal
wordage.
Anyway, um, everyone knows what autotune
is. I'm going to assume
autotune is a really great awesome tool
um, for everyone and everything.
Autotune is a great thing. Um, I use it
uh differently on different albums. So I
think by nature you can imagine Monarch
didn't really have much autotune, but
Love and Pony Step does.
Um, so I wasn't really using this a ton
for Monarch, but you know, working on
Love and Pony Step, I've been back in
the autotune game pretty intensely. And
honestly, using a [__] ton of Autotune
and Love and Pony Staff was like a drug.
It was like really addicting and really
nice. Um,
but here lies a problem. Uh, I've used
different autotune plugins over the
years for different reasons. Um, and in
2023, I switched to the Antar's Autotune
Pro because this one's relatively
transparent. And uh, well, Antar's is
the big is is the biggest autotune
company in the world because they
invented Autotune. Autotune is an
invention of the company Ontario. Um,
now when I bought this plugin,
Ontario is offering a
let's let me get a let me get an example
here. Actually,
here is Antares. This is their website.
Already from the start, I feel like this
should not look very exciting to anyone.
Um, but primarily
they sell this thing, the autotune
unlimited
subscription,
right? Um,
this is absurdly expensive. And what do
you get for this?
What do you get for $30 a month for
something that you don't own? Well, you
get the autotune and then you get a
different version of it and then you get
an older version of it and then you get
a small version of it and then you get
another small version of it. This is not
very helpful, is it?
These are all the same thing. Moving on.
Um,
vocal prep. Don't know what that is. No
one uses that. Vocal EQ. No one uses
that. This is a gimmick. Vocal
compressor. You can use a normal
compressor. It doesn't matter. Vocal
DSer. Uh, there is like free dsers out
there. Vocal reverb. There's no
difference between normal reverb and
vocal reverb. You're lying to everyone.
Vocal effects, articulator, talkbox
effect. Most DAWs come with a vocoder.
Uh, Aspire modifies vocal breathiness
without affecting the harmonic content
of the performance. Does anyone really
need stuff like this? Sorry. I I like
this is like what a breath control
plugin. Never had to use anything that
in my life. Choir vocal multiplier that
turns a single voice into a realistic
choir of 32 voices. Also known as a
chorus which comes free with every
computer or every doll rather. Duo gives
extra depth to a vocal with a realistic
automatically generated double part. No,
I I think I'm good. That sounds almost
like AI. Harmony. This is going to give
like harmony backing tracks to your
vocal. Um, don't give a [__] about that
because I just record them myself. Mic
mod, the modeling tool that makes your
mic sound like the mic you wish you
owned. This technology doesn't work and
this is a scam. Uh, Mutator rep pitches
your vocals in real time. Uh, you can do
this in audio and with free plugins.
Shout out Melda Production. You could do
this with a free Melda Production
plugin. Punch combines compression gain
limiting and overload protection for
vocals with power. Again, you can use
any kind of compression you want on your
vocal. Whatever. Slice sampler and
synthesizer for playing voices and
samples like instruments. Yes, I know
that's how a sampler works. Thank you.
There were free samplers in almost every
talk. Moving on. Sound soap. Restoring
audio tracks by reducing noise. Isn't
that what this [__] vocal prep thing
is?
Moving on.
Uh throat sculpt vocal characteristics
using an adjustable physical model of
the vocal tract. I'm sorry. What is
this? Is sounds like foreman shifting.
And if it isn't form and shifting, I
have never heard anyone use this plugin
whatsoever. Vocodus, we already went
past this. There's a vocoder in here.
And vocoders tend to There's free
vocoders out there. Warm emulates the
sound of vintage analog tube saturation
for adding warmth to vocals. Otherwise
known as adding distortion. We're done.
This isn't worth $30 a month for
something that you don't own. Are these
things helpful? Maybe, but I haven't
ever needed them. The only thing that
ever mattered to me is the autotune pro
because this autotune is good
technically. Um, it is high quality. It
is very transparent. When you're using
it for subtle purposes, you don't really
hear any artifacts very much. Um, and
you would expect that from the company
that invented autotune. So, given all
this, they do offer a nonsubscription
version. However,
if you look at the price to buy this,
well, first of all, they pushed the
subscription for just the one thing very
big. But you notice here, perpetual
license, $459.
I need you to let that sink in for a
moment. $459
for autotune.
I'm sorry, but like
what constitutes that price? Where are
they getting this price from? And
despite that, in 2023, this thing, the
the Autotune Pro X, the one before Pro
11, went on sale uh on Plug-in Boutique
for around like607,
$770. And I was like, that's a decent
price down from like $450 or whatever
the hell. So, I'll pick it up. So, I did
end up buying Autotune Pro X in 2023 for
like a quarter of the price of this.
That is almost as much as Ableton Sweet.
Yeah. Um, and I was like, "Oh, thank
God. I can have this without needing the
subscription. That's such a good thing.
I got it at a decent price and
everything."
And that's when the problem started.
Okay,
if you can believe it. When I started
using the Autotune Pro X, this thing, I
noticed a problem. And that was um
anytime I opened up a project again that
was using the Autotune Pro X, all these
parameters that I've configured would
reset to neutral
every single time I open the project.
And basically the effect that had is
tuning my vocals to the incorrect key,
which is great. So obviously that is
completely unusable. I emailed them and
said, "Hey guys, your plug-in isn't
recalling parameters correctly. Why is
this happening? And what can we do to
fix this?" And here and what they said
to me made me worried. Okay, they said,
"Oh, yes. This seems to be a problem
with the perpetual license version of
Autotune Pro X. We can give you a
complimentary license to the
subscription and it should work while we
explore patching the original."
And I said, "Okay, as long as I don't
have to pay anything, then let's do it."
And so what happened was they gave me a
one-year free subscription to Autotune
Pro.
And
um funny enough, when I removed the
license for the perpetual version that I
bought, the nonsubscription one, when I
removed that license and put in the
subscription license, suddenly
the plug-in worked.
So, I used it for a year with no
problems. Then the subscription lapsed
because it was a complimentary free
one-year subscription. And I emailed
them again because when the subscription
lapsed, it stopped working.
And so I said, "Hey,
was there ever a fix for this problem?"
And they said, "Nope. We're going to
give you another free one-year
subscription,
and uh we'll continue to explore options
of fixing the original." And
now, surely this should be making alarm
bells go off in your in your mind. Why?
I have the plug-in installed. Why does
the perpetual license not make it work,
but the subscription one does?
Explore options. I'm paraphrasing, by
the way. I can get the original email,
but
I mean, they might have said that. I
don't remember. I don't remember where
I'm getting that from, but I'm I'm
paraphrasing. Uh,
just for transparency, um, I'll try and
find out the original wording, but
they're basically like,
yeah, we we don't have a fix for it yet,
so here's another free one-year
subscription. And it's like, how hard is
it to find
that issue, right? That shouldn't be
hard. Devs, if there are any devs out
there in the chat, I'm I'm I'm sure that
this is probably not a difficult issue
to fix, right?
And here's the thing,
I never heard of the plug-in getting
fixed.
Um,
and then they announced autotune pro 11.
How interesting.
Um,
my subscription lapsed again just at the
beginning of this year,
but the plug-in kept working
and so I was like, "Okay, well, if it's
working, then I guess I don't have to
reach out again. I'm glad cuz I must
have updated it at some point." So, I
was like, "All right, they probably
found a fix for it. Not worried about it
anymore."
5 months later,
as in this month,
I check my email
and it says, "Congratulations, you have
successfully paid $29.99
for your Autotune Pro subscription."
And I was like,
"What?
I never signed up for that.
My subscription lapsed, remember?"
Turns out they had my card on file from
when I must have paid for something
and they were charging me for 5 months
for a subscription I didn't ask for.
I legitimately never initiated the
autotune pro subscription.
It added up to be $125 that they had
charged me over the course of five
months.
Um, and so, well, I emailed them
and I said, "Hey guys, here is my first
support ticket and an explanation. Here
is my second support ticket and an
explanation. Now, with my third support
ticket, I would like to tell you that I
did not sign up for the subscription.
Um, here all the proof is in these
tickets here that I've just sent to you.
And I'd like a refund and I'd like my
subscription cancelled.
And they said to me, this is this is
probably the time where I should get the
email.
This is [__] rich, dude.
Hi, Zelda. We apologize for the
inconvenience, but all sales are final.
As per the terms of our online sales
policy, Antares cannot issue refunds or
take returns for online software sales.
If you no longer wish to continue your
subscription, please follow the simple
steps below. And I replied, I didn't
initiate the subscription though. The
complimentary temporary subscription was
provided to remedy the effects of the
faulty software while a solution was
being explored. The com the
complimentary subscription was supposed
to terminate after one year. It did this
the first time. The second time it
expired because a patch was not made for
the plug-in issues. Uh
the second time it expired because a
patch was not made for the plug-in
issues which is why I was issued a
second one. It suddenly stopped started
charging me even though I did not sign
up for an unlimited subscription. Money
has been taken out from me without my
permission entirely.
Their reply, "Hi Zelda, we apologize for
the inconvenience, but all sales are
final. As per the terms of our online
sales policy, Antares cannot issue
refunds or take returns for online
software sales. We are closing the case
due to denial of refund. We appreciate
your patience and understanding
regarding this matter.
I need you guys to understand that this
is Antares. This is the one of the
biggest music software companies in the
world. They invented autotune.
They are they are the people who
invented autotune.
And here's the thing, right, is I need
this to open up an even bigger
conversation about how [__] scummy
and disgusting a lot of these companies
are. Antares, like already, you know,
when everything was still technically
working, was still an ass to work with
because their DRM [__] sucks. Um,
they make you, like many other plug-in
companies, they make you install
proprietary software in order to have
the plug-in licensed.
Um, if you want to install or uninstall
one of their plugins, as well as operate
one of their licenses, you have to
install the what is it [__] called?
The the Ontario Central application. Um
and through that application and that
application only can you install their
plugins and initiate the licenses. It
uses communication with the Ontario
central software with the EyeLock
proprietary
licensing software which is an archaic
like 1997 ass interface for registering
your plugins and stuff. And
this is a really fancy way of saying
they only allow you to install their
software on two computers at once.
And some of the time, depending on your
situation, you have to have internet
connection to use some of their stuff.
This is not always 100% of the case, but
it it's it depends on what's going on.
Um, this is why I was so worried about
Mayhem performance because I was like, I
have no [__] clue if my autotune is
going to work while I'm on stage because
it could just spontaneously stop
working.
Um,
for some songs that would have been
completely fine, but for stuff like uh
cross that would and like my love of the
scope that would have just not sounded
correct at all. Um,
and like
it would be a lie to say that I expected
better because a lot of these companies
are really bad.
Um, they're like really really bad.
Um,
and I've tried my best to to build a
library of like plugins from companies
that are like the best ever and who do
DRM and like their their their customer
service and business stuff the best. Um,
some of the companies that I can
absolutely 100% stand by, the first one
is Fab Filter.
Um, this can be a tough pill to swallow
because Fab Filter plugins are a little
bit expensive.
For example, ProQ4 to buy it right off
the bat is
not that to buy ProQ4 right off the bat
is $179. That's a lot of money. You can
buy this in bundles, of course, but
um
Fab Filter is one of the best customer
service plug-in companies there are.
Everything they do is totally legit. Um,
their products are priced actually
pretty reasonably. I know that's like
really scary to think about when you see
this, but if you've ever used their
stuff, you know how absolutely
indispensable that their stuff is for
the industry.
Um, like ProQ4 is hands down, like I no
one even has, if you ask most musicians,
they will tell you that ProQ4 is the
best EQ there possibly is and that there
might not even be a way to improve upon
this design ever again. That's just how
good ProQ4 is. Um, and most of their
plugins
like are in that level of quality.
On top of that, um, they often do, you
know, good discounts for students and
other people who need discounts for
whatever reason. Um, funny enough, Fab
Filter, I applied for a an educational
discount in 2018 when I was still in
university. And despite the fact that
I'm that I left university in 2019, they
like just kept it. There's no there's no
like um there's no like time limit. It
doesn't like measure, oh, it's been 4
years. We're going to remove your your
educational license thing. They've kept
that [__] in the system since 2018.
And they've never asked any questions
about it.
Um,
the other thing was uh with Fab Filter,
I remember at one point um
cuz you can't change your like account
name uh through the account section. You
you have to email them. So, I was like,
"Hey, can you guys change my name from
this to this just because it's like uh
I'm going to be changing my name at some
point, so I just want that to reflect
here." And I didn't even explain
anything. I was just like, "I just need
the name change." And the person who
emailed me said, "Congratulations."
Like, "Thanks, Cong."
That's like really That's like really
kind. I didn't even ask for that.
Um,
so all my experiences with Fab Filter
are great. Also, once you buy like one
Fab Filter plugin, everything else gets
cheaper because they off like loyalty
discounts and stuff. Their plugins are
so [__] indispensable. So the number
one is Fab Filter. And also one of the
big reasons why Fab Filter is the GOAT
is because of of their licensing. Like I
said with Ontario, you can only license
their [__] on two computers at a time.
If you want to license it on another
computer, you have to uninstall it from
your first computer and then allow it to
be installed on the next one. It's such
a [__] annoying thing. Fab Filter,
all they do is in your account section,
they say, "Here are a bunch of numbers.
Copy and paste that into the thing and
then you own it. That's fine. You can do
it a million times. It doesn't [__]
matter. They don't they they just it's
like fine.
And that's like how you should do it.
That is the only way you should do
licensing plugins. They do it the proper
way.
Um
after Fab Filter, there's uh cable guys.
These guys are literally the goat to end
all goats ever. Their Shaperbox plugin
you can get for $99. Except
Shaperbox is like a million different
plugins in one really good versions of
the plugins. And the entire point is
that you can modulate them in a really
creative and fun way.
So, basically the idea with Shaper Box
is if anyone's seen me work with with uh
music before, you know what this is. Um,
but basically you can choose an effect
and these are the normal effect controls
up here.
You know, you adjust them here, but you
can choose an effect parameter and say
move it in this shape over time. And
adding nodes for it is so fun. And like
you can move it around, you can change
the shape of it really easily.
you can totally [__] with it and
everything and like it's really really
really efficient. And on top of that,
it's multiband so you can use these
effects separately on the low
frequencies, the mid frequencies, the
high frequencies. And what's crazy is
some of these effects are like really
unique in the sense that um reverb
shaper for example is a really weird
automated convolution reverb. Now,
convolution reverb isn't a new concept,
but using it in this format is
completely new. Like, this is just super
awesome. And they even have a function
for doing like delay gating and
everything. It's it's brilliant. Um, you
can import your own convolution samples.
You can just drag and drop it in there.
Um,
the maybe one of the most intuitive
plugins in the whole universe. You can
get the whole thing, all of these
effects for $99. And the best thing
about it is that their licensing system
is, hey, download this file. It's your
license key. And just anytime you
install ShaperBox, show Shaperbox your
license file and you're good to go.
We're not going to ask any other
questions other than that. And once
again, that's how you do it.
And then the third company that I can
like always cosign for like the rest of
my life is going to be a Valhalla DSP.
Same deal. These guys, they license your
your [__] uh with a license file and
they don't ask questions. Um, but the
the coolest thing about Valhalla is
their their design and the pricing.
Valhalla Delay. Anyone who's seen me
open Ableton ever on stream has seen
Valhalla Delay because that is just how
[__] indispensable and perfect this
plugin is. This thing advertises itself
as a simple echo plugin except it can do
a million things. It has a tape version,
a hi-fi version, a bucket brigade delay
version. It has a a pitch smearing
version, a frequency shifting version.
It has uh it has distortion. It has
phasing. It has everything. It has
[__] wow and flutter pitch modulation
stuff. It has a reverb built in. It has
a tape simulation built in. It has an EQ
built in. If you set Valhalla delay to
full megs and 0% uh milliseconds, you
can like literally use this as an effect
box instead of a delay or a reverb or
whatever. This thing can do a trillion
different things for the price of $50.
These guys are the people who designed
this [__] are nuts.
And my favorite thing about Haha Delay
is like changes color based on the model
you're choosing. It's really nice.
So yeah, these this is like these are
like the the three we can get to cable
guys homepage and let me get all their
homepages. These are these are like the
three big ones. If you need companies in
the music in the music production world
that you can trust, you can count on Fab
Filter, Cable Guys, and Valhalla. They
will never steer you wrong whatsoever.
That is like the highest highest praise
I can give any of these companies.
And what's funny is usually
the best of these companies are always
going to be run by like only a few
people.
Like Fab Filter doesn't have a huge
team. Cable guys doesn't have a huge
team. Valhalla is one guy.
Antares.
How many Entur's employees?
Nope. That's That's not it.
Antarius has 67 employees for just their
like [__] just that [__]
Well, it says 51 to 200, but something
about eyelet AQ says 67, so it's
whatever. Um,
yeah. So, whoever wants to make music,
you you can you can put your faith in
these ones. Uh, if you can't buy it at
first either, I'm sure they don't care
because their DRM
their DRM is is really nice. And, uh,
it's not like any of these places are
struggling financially. So,
um, you know, if you end up getting
their stuff, can't pay for it,
definitely still shout them out all the
time.
I'm pleased to say that I have I very
heavily financially supported all three
of them, though.
But anyway, this is all to say, um, one
of these days I'm going to be making the
Entures video and I'll probably open up
a very large discussion about DRM and
music production companies and all that
stuff.
Oh, Lightning Wing makes a good point.
Uh, Fab Filter doesn't really have any
free plugins. Cable Guys has like maybe
one or two free ones.
I think uh what was it called? The
well halftime's not free, but it's $12.
It's so it's whatever. They don't have
free plugins, but Valhalla
um
their [__] uh
their Valhalla super massive reverb and
delay is completely 100% free. this
thing. I I know a lot of people who who
use Vajala Super Massive. It's it's it's
only free because it's like
experimental. It's not free cuz it's
nerfed because this is a really high
quality plugin. A lot of people use
Super Massive. The main point of it is
it mixes delay lines into like kind of
discrete reverb channels and it like
it's its big deal is making really
really long reverb tails, but you can
use it as like a normal reverb or delay
too.
So it's that's the thing with Vajala
plugins is they don't like to really
explain just how powerful these things
are. They like to just like pretend it's
like super subtle and then like when you
actually get it, it's like this thing
can do everything I've ever wanted it to
do.
So yeah.
Oh my my beautiful my beautiful. Oh, let
me get the entire uh let me get to
exactly what they said really quickly.
Terrorist.
Oh yeah, I'll get to the autotune uh
recommendation in a second. But here's
their first email. They said, "Thank you
for reaching out to us. Our team of
engineers is currently investigating the
issue where settings and parameters
saved during a session are not being
recalled by Autotune Pro X.
Unfortunately, we do not have an we
don't have an estimated date of arrival
for a fix, but considering that you are
also a subscriber to Autotune Limited,
here is a workaround. Um, I also wasn't
I was not a subscriber to Autotune
Limited. bought it
and they explained how to switch the the
license
after following this. Oh, okay. I know
what happened. So I think um
okay so what happened was when I bought
autotune pro X it gave me like a one
month or like 3 month subscription and I
wasn't using it
but they did give me two complimentary
ones
um to fix the issue. Um anyway, uh they
said, "Alternatively, if you believe
that you would enjoy better
compatibility by downgrading back to
Autotune Pro 9, please make sure you
completely remove autotune on central
blah blah blah blah blah." Um, and I
said, "It does seem that switching to
the Autotune unlimited license allows me
to recall settings, but I don't plan to
use anything else in the subscription,
which is why I have the perpetual
license for Autotune Pro X. I made this
like as clear as possible in the email.
Um,
oh, and I forgot about to say this other
thing is, um, I'm about to show another
autotune, which is absolute terrible
[__] Um, but I have it. Uh, what am
I looking for? I'm looking for
I just redid my foliers here, so I'm
still trying to learn them.
Here's another autotune. This is not a
recommendation. This is stay away from
this company, too. Um, this is the Waves
real tune. And,
um, if you don't want to choose a key
for the autotune to work in, you can
like click the keys and stuff to like
disable them so that it only works in
the notes that are not disabled. Yeah,
the UI is really bad. Um, but you'll
notice that when I disable a note, it
does it across every octave like this.
So, if I pick um, A, it disables all the
A's.
Um, which is good. That's like fine.
That's a fine feature. If you do it in
autotune pro,
it doesn't do that. And it's like, oh,
you want to disable a Okay. A a a a
Wait, what?
What? What?
Why is this
Why is this two sets of a C through E?
What?
What the [__]
My [__] up an evil altitude piano.
I don't think they did this right.
Um
Okay. Well, okay. Luckily, this doesn't
really matter cuz like you're not going
to be singing this low. No one's singing
this low. But like, what the [__] New
notes just dropped. Thank you for the
evil attitude.
I mean, this is just uh this is just uh
C# D# E, and then goes back to C# D# E.
Okay, that's that's strange. Anyway, um,
okay, whatever. But like, but like like
I was saying is you can't disable one
note per octave like you can with Waves
autotune. And I asked them about this.
I'm like, "How do you do it?" Like the
other plugins everywhere else that can
do the exact same thing, but your plugin
can't do it. They said, "Regarding your
question, turning off notes in the
keyboard works for removing a note from
a single octave." It's like, "Yes, I
know how that works." And they said,
"The action can be repeated for all the
octaves if
What?
I'm sorry. I have to show this cuz like
what the [__] grammar.
Turning off notes in the keyboard works
for removing a note from a single
octave. The action can be repeated for
all the octaves if preferred.
If preferred. The action can be repeated
for all the octaves if preferred.
If preferred,
new vocal stem unlocked.
But here's the sentence that annoyed me
the most. This is not a flaw or
oversight. It's the intended design of
the product.
So, you're telling me
you intended for this to be harder to
disable notes than every other autotune
plugin? It's not an oversight. You're
that confident. It's not an oversight.
Every other autotune plugin can do it.
What is the advantage? The thing is, if
you really want,
I'm pretty sure you can make it just one
note.
I don't remember how to do it, but I'm
sure you can do it. Like I can hit you
with a rock if prefer.
If prefer.
But here's the thing. I cannot think of
a use case where you want like
D1 to be disabled but not D2. It's the
same note,
just a different octave. I can't think
of a use case. Anyone, any musician in
chat, can you think of a use case where
you would disable like one note in one
octave but not in another octave?
But autotune is not like composition.
It's just tuning a voice that's already
there.
Look, just drinking. You can give me all
your money, no refund if prefer.
If you're doing something where you only
want one note in particular, but like
this is this is autotune.
It's really not that deep.
But
I I don't know. I don't know, man. So So
what autotune do we use? Here's the
[__] problem is that for whatever
reason, the only companies out there
making autotunes
are like shitty.
They're all like shitty.
Ant obviously very shitty. Waves
arguably shittier than Antares. I could
get into a whole conversation about
waves. Let me make this very very very
very
clear. Everyone who wants to get into
music or anyone who's already into
music, do not under any circumstance buy
plugins from Waves. Do not.
It It's just Don't do it. First of all,
I feel like seeing this screen should
automatically already make you scared.
Just do not buy plugins from Waves.
Um,
I will summarize this as quickly as
possible. We've been on this topic for a
little bit, so I want to move on. But
Waves,
what they like to do is
they like to Oh my god, let me just go
to the plugins. Thank you. They like to
list their plugins as being, oh, this is
worth 199
129.
They like to advertise, can you?
They like to advertise these plugins as
being worth that much, but then it's
like, oo, they're all on sale. Let me be
so clear with you guys. All Waves
plugins are on sale 247. You are not
going to come to this website and see
these plugins for their list price.
You're never going to see that ever.
Um, now what they do is they hook you in
with these sale prices
and you think, well, what's the problem?
If I'm getting it for a decent price and
the plugins work, then what's the
problem? And that's how this this is
maybe one of these worst this arguably
worse than Antares. You be the judge.
But what they do is
they payw wall really important updates
for your plugins.
The way it works is when you buy a Waves
plugin, you are given 365 days of free
updates. After the 365 days of updates
has passed, you have to pay money to
update it again.
And the thing is, I'm talking about all
updates, not just like feature
inclusions and stuff. I'm talking about
if your computer can no longer run an
older version of it and you do not have
the Waves update plan, you cannot use
that plugin anymore. Good [__] luck.
Big case in point. Um, anyone who's
familiar with the way Apple products
work is they switched from Intel chips
to their ARMbased M1 processors in 2020.
Most plugins that didn't make the switch
to the ARM architecture of the Mac M1
system did not work anymore. A lot of
everyone's favorite plugins no longer
work. Uh, like abandoned Wear plugins no
longer work on modern Mac computers. Um,
Waves paywalled their M1 update.
And you're like, "How much is this
update?" Well, I'm glad you asked
because
um I think it's something like $25 or
something per plugin and it caps if you
have $240 worth of updates to get. So,
if you have a bunch of plugins, the most
you can pay for an update is $240.
But theoretically, you would have to do
this once a year.
And let me tell you, some of these
paywalled updates are also very trivial.
One of their most recent payw wall
updates was you can now resize the
window of the plug-in.
Are you kidding me? I have to pay $240
to increase the size of a window. If
prefer.
If prefer.
But it gets worse. Waves gets worse
because
part of Waves's whole deal is marketing
and nothing else.
Let's talk about these emulations.
So,
the thing that Waves is so beloved for
by a certain variety of person is for
emulating old physical gear. And listen,
I get it because I like outboard mixing
gear. I think it's neat. I think it's
cool. I have like a hyperfixation
on mixing and mastering outboard gear. I
get it. At the same time,
everyone in their mother is emulating
these. It's not 1997 anymore.
There's like a million versions of this
SL SSLg master bus compressor. And the
thing is is you don't even really need
it. If you know why you want this, then
maybe it's helpful. If like if you know
a lot about music and you know a lot
about mixing and you know about the SSLg
master bus compressor, then like maybe
this will be helpful to you in some way.
But the thing is is that a lot of these
plugins are created with such a
predatory interest in mind. these
plugins, and we we know this from their
advertising by having like the classic
engineers from all your favorite
musicians coming in and doing the
advertising for Waves, is these plugins
are advertised for two audiences. One,
it's for 55year-old scenile white men
engineers who are like trying to
reminisce about the good old days of
when music was made on computers. And
the second audience that they're
catering to are basically newcomer
musicians who think that they need to
get they need to get this [__] to be as
good as their idols.
It's nostalgia bait. This stuff is just
trying to make people look up with their
Google Doll eyes and be like, "Holy
[__] that's the compressor that Michael
Jackson used."
And that's either going to affect the
55-year-old scenile white man engineer
or a newcomer musician who thinks they
need it to make that music. Now again,
is there anything wrong with this stuff?
Not exactly. I have some of this stuff
and I use some of this stuff. And uh
one of my favorite compressors is the
API 2500 by Universal Audio.
I like this thing. It's really good. Um
but like I know exactly why I want to
use the 2500. it has like a really nice
VCA based feed forward compression curve
that I can achieve in like Proc2, but
it's just like harder to and this just
streamlines the process of doing that.
Um,
but the thing is is that the companies
that I'm using these emulations from are
tried, tested, true, and have less
terrible practices. Um, and I'm not
going to say Universal Audio is the
greatest company in the world. I have my
problems with them, too. But compared to
waves that have such [__] scummy
practices and oh my god it's so bad.
It's so it's it's like it's a mixed bag.
It's a mixed bag. But in this particular
case, it's so [__] predatory the way
they do this. It really really is. And
Waves hooked me for a while. That's why
I have some of their plugins and that's
how I know how [__] bad it is. Um,
the other thing is is that despite
advertising
that, oh, this emulates like some old
outboard gear, blah blah blah blah blah,
two things. One, um, it's not going to
emulate like real outboard gear because
this has nothing to do with how outboard
gear works. The reason why these
physical objects in a studio are so
valued isn't really because of how they
sound. It's because you can touch them
and operate them in a physical space.
Have them in pre-made physical chains on
a on like a console desk.
It's a workflow thing, not really a
sound thing.
Um,
and the other thing is is that so many
of these do the exact same thing.
Let me go to Brainworks, for example, or
or plugin Alliance. Now, Pugan Alliance
isn't horrible.
There are some things about them that
are good and some things about them that
are bad,
but
I'll show an example.
These here, these channel strips
I just showed showed the uh the API
2500. I also have from from Universal
Audio the SSL E channel strip here. I'm
not going to explain what all all this
stuff does right now, but I have this
from Universal Audio.
You can see that what Brainworks is
doing with their version
is basically the same thing.
Okay, but there's a million different
versions of them. There's the SSL 9000,
the the SSL 9000J,
there's the 4000E, there's the MX 9099
or whatever. And what's [__] up about
these is that they all are basically the
same.
The reason why I use this one is cuz
this is like the licensed one. This is
like this is the one that Universal
Audio makes. So, it's like it's like
whatever.
Um, these are all basically the same.
There are slight changes, but like not
meaningful ones. There's slight changes
that are based on like the hardware
quirks that like the engineers are going
to obsess over in like a lore setting.
Musically, engineering wise, soundwise,
no one [__] cares.
They're all They all sound the same. Um,
and that's the deal with a lot of these
is even if they look very different
schematically, visually, graphically,
um, a lot of these just do the same
thing,
but you got to use the thing that your
hero used.
You got to use the thing that they used
on that.
You know what? I'm not even going to get
into the conversation about this, but I
just needed to look at it for two
seconds. I'm not even going to talk
about this right now. I do not have the
energy or time.
Um,
but Waves, um,
it still goes deeper because at one
point Waves was about to remove the
ability to buy plugins perpetually. They
were going to switch to a subscription
only service.
Oh my. And that was like, what the [__]
man? After everything you already did,
after all this money you've stolen from
people, you're going to make it all a
waste already.
And the backlash for this was so great
that they actually managed to reverse
it. But as you can see, the subscription
still exists as a front page bonanza.
And it still gets worse because now if
you I'm not going to show it right now,
but if you go to Waves's Twitter, all
their [__] is AI slop now. And that
would make a lot of sense, you know,
knowing their business practices. That
probably makes a ton of sense, but it's
all AI slop now and AI jokes and
whatever. It's so [__] disgusting.
And last but not least, and here's
here's the kicker, and for a lot of you,
this is going to make everything make a
lot of sense all at once.
Waves is an Israeli company.
And it all makes sense.
And now it all makes sense.
So
Uh, don't buy for waves, by the way. So,
you know, shocker dog found a yard. Why
wouldn't they?
So, I hope I've dissuaded anyone from
attempting to have wave stuff. I've
already, you know, wasted my money in
the past, so you don't have to.
Now, the last thing I'm going to touch
on before we play the [__] video game
we came here for, um, the autotune I
suggest.
I want everyone to take this with a
grain of salt, but actually, first and
foremost, let me go through some of the
other ones first. Um,
I'm pulling up a bunch of the autotunes
right now.
There's more than you would expect and
less that are functional.
[Applause]
Come on now. Where the [__] is that one?
One one.
Okay.
Uh, Auburn auto tune.
Okay. So, let me show some of the ones
that I'm not recommending first, and I'm
going to explain why it feels like
Antarius has a a monopoly over this
stuff.
First off, Metatune by Slate Digital.
Slate Digital is a very waves like
company, which I probably do not need to
explain now. Um, you take one look at
way at,
excuse me, I misspoke. You take one look
at Slate Digital and their plugins and
you're going to notice a very big
similarity between them and and and
Waves plugins.
Well, actually, that is if I could see
the plugins.
There we go. Um
Um,
can I just look at them? Okay, here's my
best thing. So, here here's my best
example. You know, you're going to look
at these and you're going to see maybe a
similarity between them and waves,
right?
Probably very obvious. Their business
practices are very similar, etc., etc.,
etc. So, they're very waves like in that
way. They have an autotune.
I've tried Slate products. I've tried
Metatune and it's it Metatune I found
doesn't have enough finer control over
everything. The sound quality is a
little weird. It sounds kind of warbly
and like whatever. It's not a very
transparent sounding autotune.
So, I don't really recommend this one.
The company isn't that great. This
company probably caters more to old men
than it does to to like younger artists
as well because it's like I've seen a
lot of their advertising and a lot of
the way they do stuff and it feels like
the way they're doing these modern
looking plugins is to try and be like to
these like old white man engineers here
look you can have a hip plugin like the
kids want these days like no one [__]
wants their plugins to look like this.
Sorry, but you know,
that's what I've seen with their
advertising. Um, Brain Works Crispy
Tuner. Uh, there's a bit of a Waves like
uh pricing scheme with uh with Plug-in
Alliance. There are some Plug-in
Alliance plugins that I actually really
do like, so I can't condemn them fully.
And their business practices aren't
nearly as bad as all these other
companies, but they're still not
perfect. They're still kind of weird.
Uh, crispy tuner is very unstable. I
found I've tried it and it feels just
like it doesn't have the same precision
you would expect from a good autotune.
It's very loose.
And if I remember correctly, you can't
really get this to like do like the
robotic sounding stuff either, which is
one of the big advantages to to
autotune.
Um, there are two free autotunes that
you'll see thrown around. There's M auto
pitch.
I could never get this to sound good.
Um, I used to use this for the times
that I've used auto pitch were for Super
Pony World 2016 and
uh Lotus EP and it sounded really not
good. I it it's not a very high quality
autotune. It can sound cool, but for the
purpose of like using autotune, it's
like it's whatever. It is free, so you
can't be mad at me production, you know?
It's free, but not that good of an
autotune for the purpose of autotuning.
Um, Graian by Auburn sounds similar
problems with the It's kind of in
between Crispy Tuner and Melda
Productions autotune. Um, it doesn't
feel very precise and it has a bit of
artifacting that can kind of like make
things not sound super good. Um, but
this one is free and I used other I've
used other stuff from Auburn. Um, the
company, this company is fine. Auburn
Sounds, their their company practices,
as far as I know, are fine, you know,
pretty reasonable. The prices are
completely reasonable. Um, I've actually
used management. Um, this is this is
actually I used management to do the
Hush stuff in carousel cuz this is a
this isn't just like a panner. It's a
binaural panner that does more like 3D
space stuff. So, my voice is going
through this at the beginning of Hush,
for example.
So, I like Auburn. Uh, it's just that
this autotune is not that high quality.
Um, but nothing against the company. So,
what is the one that I'm recommending?
And here here's here's the kicker about
this.
Someone brought X pitch to my attention
on Twitter because I was talking about a
little bit about the Ontario stuff on
Twitter and
right off the bat I see this web three
kind of dude bro tech bro like visual
design. I'm not super into the design of
it, but I gave this a try and I did a
blind test between it and Autotune Prox
by Antares and the sound quality is
really, really similar to the Antares
one.
Sound qualitywise,
this one works.
Um, and its pricing is at $100. Is $100
a lot of money? Yes. But is it $460 like
Antares is asking? Not even remotely.
I have X Pitch now and I'm going to be
trying it in some projects. But this is
not a full endorsement yet. And the
reason why is because Neuro Audio is a
newer company. They haven't had time to
prove themselves. they haven't had time
to like marinate in being able to prove
that their business practices are
reasonable. And I am seeing stuff like,
you know, immediately having five-star
reviews, you know, at the front here.
You know, the web 3 techro visual design
puts me off a little bit. They have a
tab that just says hund has a thousand
reviews. So, you know, those those
little details make me a little bit
concerned.
Um, but it doesn't mean anything quite
yet.
And what they are saying is stuff like
no update freeze.
Um, lifetime license, not a
subscription. So, they're really
hammering home these these two points
here.
Um, they say this all across the website
and so there is a reassurance about
that. But basically what I'm saying is
this is kind of me saying um this
autotune matches the quality of Antares
to me and to use their products I would
do so
with a grain of salt and with a little
bit of like suspicion.
But so far
it sounded good.
I had no trouble licensing it. I think
it's a license key. I think you just
type in letters which is great. No
eyelock, no nothing.
So
basically this is a very cautious
recommendation of this plugin for
autotune purposes.
My one footnote
is that
they're doing the like channel strip
type of plugin,
one for normal mixing and one for vocal
mixing.
I am not personally a fan of plugins
that quote unquote simplify unquote
processes that you should do more
manually.
Um, not just because I think you should
learn how these things work and be able
to apply them with the normal tools, but
also you see this type of
streamlined, simplified plug-in coming
from companies with less than good
intentions a lot of the time.
Again, doesn't mean anything right out
the gate, but I'm just looking at this
with the other details. I'm looking at,
you know, new company, you know, dude
bro tech design simplified stuff,
boasting about reviews and and whatnot.
Nothing truly bad yet, but it's just
food for thought, you know? That's all
I'm saying. So, with all that baggage
said, to answer your question right now,
the one I'm saying to support with
caution and suspicion is X Pitch by
Neuro Audio.
So,
I have been venting about plugins for an
hour now, I think. Have you used the
built-in Ableton auto shift before?
Yeah. Okay. So, I did not mention that
Ableton has one. The auto shift here.
This thing is cool.
Um, it's its quality isn't perfect. It's
a little bit a little bit pitchy, a
little bit unstable. not as much as like
some of the other plugins I was
mentioning. It's still pretty decent,
but I have noticed that it doesn't
handle the same material I can throw at
like autotune pro or X pitch properly.
And my biggest gripe with it that I
actually just discovered yesterday was
if you're skipping this MIDI notes,
it only outputs audio when it's
receiving MIDI. And I don't like that.
Unless I'm missing an option that I'm
not seeing very plainly, that is a
problem.
But it's not the worst.
Okay.
Do we have any questions? Classy
said
la.
their homework. Yeah, [__] waves. Kill
them.
Well, don't kill them, but you know,
I don't know. Kill them. Prefer. If
prefer
is Z karma good. Oh, um,
where are you, Karma? Oh, did I remove
you? I think I removed Chroma from my
main plugins.
Go to the other folder. Yeah, here's
Chroma.
Um, yeah, Chroma's good.
Um, I've actually been using a different
one, though. So, Chroma's good. It's
decent.
Obviously, in terms of sound quality,
it's going to be hard to overcome pitch
map. Where is pitch map?
problem with pitch map is it's so
[__] CPU intensive and introduces
like
just a little bit too much latency.
Um, but obviously this one's higher in
quality, but this one's more lightweight
and simpler. The one I've been using
lately is actually Prisma.
So, I've been I've been using Prisma by
Blle FX. [__] furry ass name.
Um,
this one is I think this one does pretty
similar latency to pitch map. Yeah. Oh,
does the exact same latency.
Fascinating. Um, Prisma does the same
latency as PitchMap, but it's still
lightweight on the CPU, I think. And,
um, what I like about this one is
there's different algorithms you can
select here, as well as the fact you
have a much more intuitive sounding EQ
compared to like this one.
So, I've been using this one.
I don't know if it does MIDI. Oh, it
does. It does mini input as well. So,
yeah. There you go.
Um,
this was the pitch map was the one I
used in Carousel. Chroma was the one I
used in Girls Who Wizards. And Prisma is
the one I used in Love & Pony Step.
Would you recommend any resonators? I
don't really use resonators. I saw a
different question. Someone asked if I
use Corpus. I do use Corpus sometimes.
Prisma is cheaper. Also, I I'm sorry,
but like
the the the Blip FX website is like
really nice. This is like a this is like
the most no frrills, no [__] website
ever. You go here, there are the
products, there's an introduction,
nothing else. There this person is
clearly not here to waste your [__]
time.
I've also tried these other plugins by
them as well and they're all nice. Uh if
you don't have Ableton, Cruncher is
really great because this is Ableton's
erosion on steroids.
I don't really need this cuz I have
Ableton, but um definitely if you like
the sound of erosion and get cruncher if
you don't have Ableton. Um this filter
plugin has a great distortion module.
It's great. Um not as much into this,
but I'm sure I can find a better use for
destructor. Um, yeah, but like no
complaints. This is this is all great.
But of course, the best plugins are
always going to come from like one
person instead of like a company, which
is like evergreen.
Carter UI does remind me of Kodak, too.
Yeah, I have uh I love using codec. It
should be a It is It should be a crime
for this plugin to be free.
It should be a crime that this plugin is
free.
Lazy or however you pronounce the name
of their company. They do great stuff.
But uh yeah,
this this actually got a lot of use in
um in Love and Pony Step 2.
Unfortunately, when I updated to the 2.0
version, anytime I would delete an
instance of codec, it would crash
Ableton. So,
do you have a Wilder Garden name? What?
[Applause]
What is this? Oh,
well that's a UI.
That's nuts. That's nice. That's good.
Sounds very similar to Losi. Oh, it has
a frequency shifter.
Interesting.
Oh, I like the gate. Okay. The gate sold
me.
The gate sold me.
Is it free?
Free and open source.
Oh, this person's a nerd.
This person's like a dweeb. This is
awesome.
Oh, this is fire. Oh my god.
And this is the Oh,
okay.
Awesome. Nice. I'm a fan. I'm already a
fan.
I'll I'll I'll try that out next time.
I'll make sure to see in my downloads
folder. That's nice. Oh, I forgot to I
forgot to mention one more company. I've
already raved about them before.
But one more company you can trust is
Aberant DSP.
Aberant DSP is also the goat. Um,
first of all, Aberin DSP is so [__]
extra. This plugin is an actual like
like gosh painting. Gouache painting.
Help me.
They [__] painted their plug-in in
interface
for for shape shifter.
Come on, man. Like,
you you you you you have to be insane in
the best way possible to do this [__]
It looks so cool. This is like a brand
new shape that's never existed before.
Um,
this plugin, specifically, Sketch
Cassette, is in almost every single song
that I make. This thing gets used in
every like every single song basically.
It's not I don't just use it for like
making something sound like tape. This
thing is a great filter distortion. Um,
it's a got a great compressor.
This compressor is pretty nice.
You can even use it as a flanger if you
do the wow and flutter offset. Like
a DSP. I I basically have absolutely
zero complaints with with a DSP. Look at
the [__] UI for lair. Dude,
this is a company that knows what fun
is.
This is how you like have fun.
It's like [__] like I want to have
like a 40-year-old box that like the men
really love in my attic type character
plugin. I don't know what that sentence
was, but I think you get it.
Right. This is just like fun. Good.
Nice.
So anyway, Aberant Disp like the fourth
one. That was the four horsemen of the
joy.
It does look like a tabletop game. Yeah.
Okay,
we're done. Oh, hello. We're done
venting about plugins. Although it was
been it's been great.
Oh, you didn't even show them the faces.
I'm not
I don't want to talk about Native
Instruments anymore.
The four horses. The joy apocalypse.
Good lord.
I've never played a Resident Evil game
ever, so I don't even know what to
expect.
Zombies.
[Music]
Creepy.
Oh yeah, Capcom. Hello.
Fastest train in the world. Quicksel.
Quicksel. Quicksel.
Uh, flashbacks to art school.
Interesting.
Yeah, I know.
original Resident Evil 4 is better.
Wait, why is PlayStation Store?
What do you want with that? Oh, it's
just DLC.
Huh?
Skins.
Yeah.
Where's the loot boxes?
This is nuts. Why is Where are there
skins?
For fun. Resident Evil's like
fun. This game looks like it takes
itself extremely seriously.
It does in like the same way that like a
like a I don't know like a ' 80s horror
movie does.
Okay. But
[__] it. It's fine.
Okay.
Okay. We're playing a game now. Watch
the the stream go from like 109 people
to 60. You guys ready?
Unbox a marble fade. Leon Kennedy.
You just activated the neurons in my
brain. The long dormant neurons of
Counter Strike.
You know I had a You know I had a
butterfly crimson web, right? I unboxed
a butterfly crimson web in front of my
mom.
How much [__] It was like field
tested. How much [__] money would
that be now, man?
That said, gamer time.
Is there no aim assist in standard?
Okay.
[__] the aim assist.
Well, this is headed in the right
direction.
September 30th, 1998.
It's a
Oh my god, I'm almost born.
The cop inside me died that day.
Good.
That night, Reco City was wiped out
thanks to the bioweapons created by
Umbrella.
Somehow I made it out, but too many
others
weren't so lucky.
I was asked later to join a top secret
government program.
Not that I had a choice.
The training
punishing missions. trading if
me. But at least I kept my mind off
everything.
If I could just forget what happened
that night, the pain, even for a second,
this time it can be different.
It has to.
Okay, Flaggy Waggy.
He's so pretty.
Help. Why it switched to 60 fps from
like the 24 cinematic help? That's
scary.
So tell me, Yankee, why did you come to
this horrible place that's close to
nowhere that I've ever seen?
Let's just say looking for someone.
That someone must be very important,
huh? The chief gave the orders himself.
Help him, he said.
I'm sure you boys didn't come all the
way out here to roast marshmallows.
Maybe you did.
You have a strange sense of humor. I'm
going to let you in on a little secret.
Just between us.
A lot of people have gone missing around
here.
And it's been that way for a while now.
Well, then should be just another day in
the office, right?
I mean, last week there was a search for
some missing hikers.
I'm sure you'll do your best to help me.
[Applause]
I like the sentence. Who has such golden
ass zippers? What the [__] Field tested
golden zippers.
This is it.
Nature calls, huh? I'll be right back.
[Applause]
Oh, he's the wife that dies at the
beginning of the movie.
[Applause]
Oh my god, I'm smoking alcohol.
I'd love cigarettes.
I
like these character animations, though.
[Music]
city.
Hey, are you going to eat
He sure is taking his time. Did he fall
in?
Maybe you better go and take a look.
Okay.
Well, watch the car. wouldn't want to
get a parking ticket.
So much for helping me.
This game is too dark for my phone. Sad.
See what's taking
three in chapter one.
Wait, we're going to get Leon Dark
Fountain.
Mhm.
Holy [__] Look at this backward walking
mechanic. Let's get a
Okay.
I really like the menu sounds.
Yeah, these are nice.
[Music]
[Applause]
or R1.
Okay.
Oh, it does. It has haptic vibration for
footsteps for me.
[Applause]
That's going to be fascinating.
How far could he have gone?
Just a glimpse into my sick mind.
[Applause]
Oh, I thought it was a cut scene.
No, it just lets you look at it for fun.
That's like kind.
Yeah.
3 to8 lb.
There's probably gonna be a lot of
328ing in this
just staring at you. 328 simulator
plugart. Oh,
Anyone home?
What was that grabbing the wall move?
He was making sure it was real.
I'm probably going to forget frequently
that this is a horror game until
something happens.
Feel like I skipped the wrong thing to
skip.
Hello.
Sorry to barge in like this.
a key.
Mind if a white boy speak a little
Spanish?
This is the guy that never dies, right?
Who? Leon.
No, this guy.
I don't know.
This is not good.
Thanks, Leon.
Oh, I didn't know.
I sw I I've seen enough footage and
screenshots of this game. I'm like I
know there's like characters that just
sometimes just don't die.
Oh yeah,
man. That stinks.
I think we found him.
I'm going to assume ammo conservation is
like very important with this.
Yes,
I can rotate him.
Wobble wobble doodle.
Wait, what if I want to keep it?
Can I not keep it?
Not this one.
I want it. It's like a Pokemon card.
No, it's a cop badge.
I really like the movement animations
with this.
Judgment is nigh.
Judgment is naym.
Wow. Mayhem. How do I use my How do I
use my everlasting bitcher sense?
Like, how do I start smelling the room
for clues?
Oh, this one doesn't have that.
No, I know. I'm kind of joking.
Leon turns into a dog halfway through
this game and then you can do it.
Oh, he's Wow.
I love my Wowee.
I know.
Whoa.
Oh, I thought that was a door. It is not
a door. That is a wall.
Yummy.
How am I cosplaying right now?
You mind if a white wall speak a little
Spanish tonight?
This animation
Flashlight mode. Okay.
Oh my god, it's the Elon Musk special.
Why does he have to grunt every time I
aim?
It's like fine. It's not that bad.
It's his vocal stem. Leave him alone.
Oh, okay. My bad.
Hey.
Oh my god. Hungry.
I read you.
What's your situation?
The hell's going on?
I mean, yeah, I I looked at that
already.
Destroy, build, destroy. Destroy, build,
destroy. Interesting.
That was a show.
It's not even what it says either.
What was that?
It was a sound. Leon.
Leon's funny.
No [__] way.
How do I win?
This just keeps getting worse.
This day just keeps getting worse.
Okay, boomer bra 21. What the dog doing
now? Adam, right? He said, "Okay,
take a chill pill."
Who am I?
Relax.
Relax. Not nut.
Can I look at the soup again?
You can look at the soup as much as you
want.
I don't know.
Yes, you do.
Oh, okay. My bad. I didn't realize.
Is there like a green component to this
wall?
Yes. The mold. The mold. The mold. The
mold.
Yeah. The mold.
See?
Hi.
Hello.
my bullets.
Can I like make him run into a wall?
Kind of. doesn't really hurt him, but
like
it could.
I know there's that other room, but I
want to go out here for a second.
Oh, I can't go out here for a second.
They have weed in this game.
Hey,
now I can finally shoot again.
They only let me use a gun when I'm
high.
Yeah. No, I was saying it was my ammo,
but it's like fine.
Wait, how is this gun loaded now?
Can't run into walls like Bard Simpson.
What's the point?
Bruce
Leon Labbotomy.
This is Gondor one.
Hunan here. What's your sit?
President's daughter, Baby Eagle. It's
likely she's in this village.
Our intel was correct, Ben. Well done.
Need a location on a nearby lake. She
may have been taken there.
Copy that. I'll see what I can find.
Hurry up. Something's happened to the
people here.
My escorts are
Come on, man. Don't you have a life?
Oh, it's a different guy. Well, maybe
they're not. I don't know. No,
I'll let myself out.
Chill. Take a chill pill, a little bro.
Just
right through the window.
What?
What's all this then?
Yeah.
Back to complaining about the rain.
Do you see what I meant when I said this
game was like incidentally funny?
Yeah. No, this is awesome.
Oh, please don't do that much vibration
haptics for this bridge. Don't do that.
Feels like a heartbeat to stop.
Yeah, this is my first time playing
Resident Evil.
That is a really big crow.
Okay, cronut.
Holy [__] that's huge.
Daddy said that [__] word got him
growing.
That sure
Lord,
is Leon kind of like stupid?
Yes. Okay,
that's good.
He's stupid, but he's pretty, so it's
fine.
Yeah. No, exactly. Makes up for it. Oh.
Okay, this this will be interesting.
I hope you like inventory management and
crafting
sometimes.
Big ass crow.
Lord, son.
know that at my wealth.
It's
so nice that everyone just has handgun
ammo
and they're all the same like caliber
and like fit and everything.
Yeah. Why did he open the door like
that?
Is he's gay?
Yeah,
you get Leon gay moments post this game.
Don't worry.
Good.
I'm assuming it'll be pretty obvious if
I can interact with something. I keep
going around like trying to
do stuff with money.
Yeah, typically if you can interact,
there's some sort of prompts to do so.
Hi
Oh my father.
Oh, it's a feature.
[Music]
[Applause]
I thought it was a funny rag doll, but
it was a feature.
heads.
Ah,
bear trap, by the way.
Damn it.
You're fine. It's just a bear trap.
on us now.
Wish I could pick off the axe.
Yay.
If I reload, does it get rid of the rest
of the magazine?
I don't remember. I can look it up if
you want. Or you can just try it. I
I think that's fine. I think it worked.
Okay.
Oh, I get it.
kind of base.
Oh,
I don't need the help.
Don't disappoint.
Oh,
Corel.
[Music]
You should try shooting the chicken
sometime.
Not right now. Too much noise.
relax.
There's like no way to do this section
without getting ganged up on though, is
there?
Not really. No,
that's part of the mechanic, I assume.
Cuz I think I've seen stuff of this area
before.
Oh,
[Music]
what are you?
That's the song.
I need my
[Applause]
[Music]
Wait. So,
do I
do I use this as or do I crash with it
or like what am I doing here?
Uh, combine it with the red one and it's
better.
What do I do?
I'm trying to heal right now.
Oh, you have a first aid spray also.
So, I use that.
Yes.
Why is this music?
They're like all here.
Okay.
[__] me. Not really.
Relax. It's not even a big deal.
[Music]
It's
like a dead end. Oh, yeah. Good.
Take a chill though.
What exactly?
Hey,
your aim is so good.
Hello.
[Music]
Oh [__]
Got a dead ass. This is crazy.
No, white boy.
Okay.
So do this situation.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Holy [__]
Yeah. Okay.
Ah. Ah. Who am I?
funny.
I'm Violet Phone.
How do I dodge that? He's so slow.
Next.
Come on.
Stop.
Oh, this is going to be closed forever,
isn't it?
Okay.
ass.
[Applause]
What?
It's scripted. I thought it was just cuz
I got close to that area.
Uh, wait.
[Music]
Whoa, dude.
Okay.
Okay, tell me something.
So, this a time limit thing
you just have to survive.
Ah,
I'm still not great at doing that.
I believe in you. I'm leaving you.
Guys, give me an hour. I'll figure this
out. Let me just stand here.
Thank you for waiting.
[Music]
This music is so interesting.
So why did I shoot the chicken
to kill it?
Okay, but like what does that do for me?
It kills a chicken.
So this Yeah.
And then use this.
Yes.
[Music]
I was cow.
Chill out.
[Music]
Oh,
you got to be kidding me. Holy [__]
Sorry, my $5.
Huh?
Compana
la.
That felt like less time in the first
try.
G.
I don't know the exact mechanic behind
it. It might be like a number of people
you killed by thing or something.
[Music]
Where's everyone going? Bingo.
Oh,
he said he said the line.
That's the line.
Resident Evil 30.
Hello.
Windmill.
Copy that.
Oh,
I thought that said fish and chips.
That's first aid, spray.
It's basically the same thing.
Oh, nice.
Why they just have grenades here?
Decoration.
That's fair.
See, there's really a lot of places I
could have gone, isn't there?
Will he get mad at me if I jump off the
building?
Uh, no.
No, he's fine.
He can do this.
He knows how to do stuff.
Mhm.
Where's everyone going?
Damn it. I wanted to read the book by
the Wife That Dies at the beginning of
the movie.
I just want the I just want the bottom
to break again. I think it'll be fun.
Well, something broke.
Look at the wood physics on that.
Can I open it?
That goes somewhere.
He doesn't know how to lift iron grates
yet.
Or does it go somewhere? Maybe it is
just decoration.
Let's just copy and paste in there.
Actually, I feel like it would show me
some sort of like lock or tool or
something if it was I don't know. We'll
find out along the way of this world
that we live in.
I guess I'll probably come back here.
Yeah, this is going to be like your kind
of hub world place.
I'll inherit the earth, right?
These people are sick.
No, they're burnt.
What?
Oh, right. This thing
then. What was
[Music]
was that just the thing up top?
Give me a boost.
All right.
I like running into walls.
and have such a shooty time.
Resident Evil Gross.
We
Wii U Nintendo Switch.
Are the crystal gems? Right.
Right.
It was funny cuz you said that cuz my
head was flamelessly
sapphire
when when they reunite
on Jasper's ship. There it is.
There it is
in the mill.
I'm assuming I can't repair the knife
yet.
Not yet.
Give your name.
Get out there.
See?
Hello.
Why do they just have C4 lying around?
My funny truck.
This is the Call of Duty barn.
Sorry, got a little worked up there.
You're normal.
There's like a relax it part of like
that aspect of like components.
Just saying things that don't mean
anything.
Saying
There you go.
I automatically thought it was a weapon.
This isn't it, man.
Damn it.
I see the blue thing.
I probably have to start shooting.
Yep.
I just don't have a knife.
Well, this also isn't Hitman like you
just said. So,
let's start with you.
Oh, I don't. His hand is shaky.
He's nervous.
Ba
relaxed.
[Music]
Wait, do head shot matter?
Uh, I think so. Yeah.
So, the game's really going to do this
for like stuff you need to pay attention
to.
Yeah.
There's like a yellow component to it.
Oh, it took you long enough.
You were like 5 years away.
How do How do I dodge that? Do I just
have to shoot them?
I'm a pig.
It doesn't feel like it differentiates
between head shot very much. At least
for the humans.
It I looked it up. It's apparently
sometimes it does.
Probably not for these characters. It
seems like
maybe for
someone else presumably.
Oh, you you'll meet lots of someone
else's.
You'll meet lots of someone else's
just like real life.
Yes. The world is a place
and we live in it.
It's locked.
I Yes, that's how that works.
[__] [__]
He's so silly.
I mean, my my beautiful white boy.
My dumbass white boy.
Blue medallion.
Really? I'm affectionate toward this
cracker. Okay,
that's all right.
So, is there like no auto save
whatsoever?
Uh, nope.
Also, feathers in chat.
Oh my god. Hi, Father. Yeah, I
mean, this game is very There's zero
Ames assist too, which is I think the
fascinating thing about it.
Obviously, that's to make it scarier,
but
Oh.
Oh, he's so good at diffusing bombs.
What a funny little man.
He has tricks and skills.
There's like a skill component to this
character.
What do I do with the eggs?
Can be used to restore a small amount of
health.
Um,
rotate this egg.
I might start rotating this egg if it's
okay with you.
Yeah, that's fine.
[Music]
I can do this in my mind.
You love rotating things.
I'm a huge fan of rotating things.
Um, oh, wait. I want to make I want to
make red.
Wait, what do I
Yeah, this increases your max health.
Okay, so I should always do this.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
And now I drink this. That's so
delicious.
They're sort of the grenades are sorted
with the eggs.
Uh-huh.
That's like really kind.
Yeah. Grenades are like um takes things
lay eggs and the grenades
and then they hatch and they grow into
beautiful little chickens.
He is kind of a beautiful man. I just
wish he were like intelligent.
I like it when he's a little stupid.
Huge fan of boys who are a little
stupid.
Like Kenneth.
Kenneth is not stupid.
He's so kind.
[Music]
That's so funny. I was like in total
denial about creating Kenneth and now
here we are.
Um
Oh, there's like an opponent
like a component.
There's an opponent component to this
one.
You know what?
Let's go.
someone's house once, but I only had
grenades.
Okay,
come on.
That's good.
Damn.
Holy [__] How many of these
have we done?
My ears.
Oh, relax. Relax. It's like, oh my god.
Oh, he's doing the feature.
[Applause]
Also, it doesn't automatically reload. I
have to do it manually every time. I
want a wooden cog. How much space does
that take up? Nothing. The
item, though.
Oh.
Can I in the original they did take up
space but they changed it so key items
don't in the remakes
that's kind and like necessary.
I'll take this and this I'll take my
what they call them doom dollars.
Different game.
I'll take my
Give me the white boy bugs.
Oh,
he's
I'm so proud of him.
Only one more.
Who's making noise?
Who's making Resident Evil noise?
Also, maybe I should make more shotgun
ammo cuz I used a lot there for that one
dude.
Uh,
also frees up space with the gunpowder.
Not there anymore.
Let's get that wooden cog in there.
Pull up the ancient interface.
Desktop Dave.
I No, I'm sort of It's okay, bro.
Oh, okay.
I'll believe anything.
Okay.
I was going to like lie about something,
but I don't even know what to lie about
right now.
[__] it. [__] it. It's a bucket.
Wait, where are we going?
Oh, it tells you where the medallions
are.
That's kind of lame, isn't it?
At the same time, I didn't even find it.
Okay,
now what?
What do I What do I get?
Oh, did it give me
Wait, I'm confused.
I don't know.
His hair is so shiny. That's That's my
white boy.
Wait. Shrine.
Let me go save on my computer.
Why can't you throw the eggs?
I could I could throw the eggs if I if I
were if I were the egg throwing Resident
Evil character.
Okay. Wait.
Okay.
No.
I'm fighting the intrusive thoughts to
find out if I can stomp on the on the
chickens.
Good. More rickety bridges.
Let's have a Metal Gear Solid moment,
why don't we?
Lake.
Lake's got to be this way.
Yes.
Yes, Leon. That's what that means.
Here's the thing. If if we gave all the
environments in Resident Evil 4 the
shininess of his hair, you might
actually just have like Dark Souls
environments on your hands.
I'm someone who makes sense, by the way.
Like I don't know if you needed to be
reminded that, but
I can clearly step over that. But it's
like fine.
Okay. Lake is the way.
I kind of want to make him walk into the
branches so he goes, but he doesn't want
to do that anymore. It was just for the
just for the beginning.
Hello.
Why do all of you casually have such
like insane explosives?
Did I just shoot the axe?
out of the air.
Hi. Didn't see you there.
You can shoot the axes out of the air.
What would the use case of that be other
than an accident? Well, that's crazy.
Well, maybe you're playing on mouse and
keyboard.
which I am not.
Sorry, Ron of this world.
I love how all of them have like handgun
ammo, but none of them are using guns at
me.
But Leon, isn't it flashlight timed?
Was that a baddies?
Daddy said, "Hey,
I think that one's a baddies
baddy cameo.
My world,
stop yelling. It's like not even a big
deal. That's
That's a stick of dynamite, partner.
How does that not kill?
[Applause]
myself.
What?
What? Whoa.
Whoa. Wow.
Give me the goddamn eggs. I can't use
the eggs.
Oh, is that my max health already?
Oh, I see.
The barter always um
stop kind of Oh my goodness.
It's like not that big of a deal.
Let me make more like Leon stuff. Let me
make more of his things.
There we go. You happy? Oh, that's a
stick of dynamite, partner.
I hate this guy.
Relax. Oh my. How many of those do you
have?
That's a bear trap.
You're throwing that indoors. That's
like
Did he kill himself?
No.
Oh,
can I eat some eggs?
Why do the eggs heal so much?
Oh,
you're my [__]
Can you
what is what I I am everything I do in
this game is leaving me with more
questions
every like 10 seconds.
Who where are you?
Where are you doing this activity from?
Enough of these bear traps.
I'm like
I'm like tired of you, dude.
That was nice. One down.
One down. We've been shooting people for
hours, but it's like fine.
Do you have dynamite, too?
Okay. Oh, there the feature is
happening.
Oh,
I mean I get it.
That's sort of what a migraine feels
like.
What's that sound?
things that go bump in the night, etc.,
etc.
This the place
my cousin.
Oh my god, he is like so scared right
now. Do you see his hoovesies?
He's like really frightened.
He's like a scared sort of animal.
I'm not like a huge fan of the noise
that's happening right now.
[Music]
And what the hell is that noise?
Oh.
What's that noise?
I I asked that question a little bit a
little bit earlier than you.
I don't know.
Okay.
Oh, wait.
He's going to find out about
friendliness pellets,
right?
Okay.
Now he said black. Okay.
Oh, like a worm.
That hurts. You know, it seemed like you
really wanted to talk. How observant,
Senor. Now, uh, say, uh, you got to
smoke.
You know, those things will kill you.
Oh, well, maybe just some timy then,
huh?
Oh, there. Not this guy.
Who are you? Just stop right there.
[Music]
Oh my god. Ramblegast,
by the way. That's the not the big guy.
The the dude was tied up. It's the
He and Leon are kind of yi.
Oh, I get it.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Like a gay component to it.
There is like a gay component to it.
Understood.
That said, excellent.
Arts and crafts.
[Music]
I was not expecting it to operate on
this like
chapter basis.
Ara
is there no voice acting for this?
There should be.
Oh, what the [__]
Hey, stop it.
Hey, Yankee. Got a name.
Leon.
Quiet type, eh? I'm Louis Sera. Guess
you, me. Picked the wrong spot to
vacation, eh? Hey, stop it. You move, I
move.
And I'm beat up enough as cities.
I can see you're thinking.
Bet you've been in spots like this
before, huh? I guess you're here looking
for someone.
One more guess. Maybe some
young girl.
Oh,
you understand. is not moving.
You see what I mean?
Oh my
where?
Who knows? But later saw some men
dragging someone
to the old church.
Ah, hanging with you. Not healthy.
Hey, we're not done here.
Later, amigo.
What?
Okay.
See what I mean?
Do it.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can see they took my but not my
money.
Condor wanted to roost. I've located
baby eagle. It sounds like she's being
kept in some church.
I heard it from this guy I met. It said
his name is Luis Sarah.
Yes, she's something fishy about him.
Interesting.
I need you to run a background check.
I hope that fixes itself next time I run
the game.
Right. I'm probably due for confession
anyway. Condor one out.
He wrote all that gay [__] and he's
like, I'm due for a confession. Like,
okay, man.
Sure.
Oh,
why did it do that?
I am a big fan of how there's like no
UI.
Your bots.
Don't
Oh,
that's fun.
I do love me parry mechanics.
Hey, that's my gear.
Where is the third rat?
Where's the giant rat that makes all of
the rules
card?
By the way, there's a bear trap right
there.
Thank you. Is this also a bear trap?
Yeah.
Well, there's only one way to find out
aside from inference.
Lucky for you, Leon's not a bear.
Yeah. So, it does not That's That's like
food to him.
Mhm.
Where's the third rat?
I found the third rat.
How does that not kill us?
Dude, I'm busy. Oh my goodness. It's
fine.
Okay, thank you. Now back to business.
Oh, I see what it's doing.
And then it's going to throw a secret
enemy at me while I'm on the way.
I'll be taking these back.
Yeah.
How do I put his coat back on?
Assassin's Creed. Hurry up, stranger.
Who's that?
I don't know. Leon, they seem really
nice.
Let's do some business then. E, welcome.
A job well done deserves payment in
kind.
I got something new for you.
Is this the
All my wares are in tiptop shape. I
assure you
I'll buy almost anything.
What's that? How have we procured these
curiosities?
You don't want to know, mate.
Ruby's all rubbish. It makes no
difference. The price, well, that's our
choice to make.
I don't need this key anymore. Right.
Uh I think if it's letting you sell it,
then you don't.
Now you a fix one of these beauties into
a treasure and it will fetch a price
higher than the sum of its parts.
A deal well struck.
He
Why not try your hand at a new gun,
stranger? Might save your life. Crossing
your tees, dotting your eyes. That's the
way to be.
All my wares are in tiptop shape, I
assure you.
Molding a weapon to suit your specific
needs. Oh, it's a thing of beauty, isn't
it?
What is this case? Is this the storage?
Oh, they give that to you so you can
organize your stuff. You have like a
place to set stuff to the side.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
We do have a storage though.
Where is it?
Uh, actually,
do those things go to storage when you
close it? I'm not sure.
Why not try? A new gun, stranger might
save your life.
That cash in your pocket or your life?
Easy choice, mate. Will that be all
then?
What you see is what I've got.
If I buy this, it'll get a storage cuz I
don't have space for it, right?
Yeah.
I'll end this over with space.
Oh, I'm the forgetter.
It's okay.
You can craft some stuff though if you
have some gunpowder and
I can do this.
Why not try your hand at a new gun,
stranger? Might save your life.
Time is money, mate.
Wish your enemies sweet dreams from afar
with a bullet straight through their
heads.
Go on, take this as well. Free of
charge.
You're a man of good taste.
A bit more space never hurt anyone.
Perfect size for you, stranger.
I should have maybe just done that first
was fine.
What you see is what I've got.
Anything else I can help you with? Come
back anytime.
You were not kidel inventory management.
Welcome.
It's like a staple of the series.
I don't always have this in stock,
stranger.
Well then, what can I do you for?
There's some things money can't buy.
You've got a soft spot for treasure, eh?
Hey, that's the way.
Good instinct, stranger.
Got a selection of good things on sale,
stranger. Pleasant travels.
Meow. Meow. Meow. Meow.
Okay.
That is that is that is a lot to get
used to.
There is a typewriter right here.
Type
you find me solless.
You know, like your song.
Yeah, I know that one. I'm like a little
Yeah, I made it.
Gun rhymes with fun for a reason.
Stranger
texts are just an incidental property of
English, but it's like that's all right.
The hell am I?
I don't know. If I knew, you probably
know, too.
for us.
Where is
the
It's locked.
I know, Leon.
Give me a break already.
My [__]
[__]
Oh,
thank you.
Where's my thing?
Where?
Where is my
Where the [__] is even my controller
thing?
There is the even the [__] my even
controller.
Brilliance.
Okay.
Uh,
I'm not coming.
Evil
fire.
ass.
They keep coming.
Not bad, right?
Who are you talking to?
Oh,
I've always got more time.
Oh my god, so dramatic.
Evil
[Music]
is soul.
Oh, that could happen. Oh, that could
happen.
That was really kind.
Well, that auto saved.
Okay, so I guess it does have some
checkpoints.
Mind you, I've never actually played
this game. I've watched people play it
and it's been a while.
Oh, I see.
So, I'm the forgetter.
Okay. Have a have a good have a good
rest, father. Thank you for coming.
Okay. But there's like no way to do this
quietly. Everyone's so loud.
Well,
but what can they do from down there?
Can I quick scope?
Not really.
It's really unreliable.
is coming.
How does that not kill?
relax.
So, I realized that if one of them is
holding like a like a dynamite, I can
shoot out out of their thing.
What is that?
Well, if I'm fast enough.
Interesting.
We love physics in this game.
[Applause]
Holy [__]
got killed.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well,
Wherever.
Not a haze just stupid.
Helanocome.
[__]
my soul.
Let me out.
Where the [__]
my [__]
Eternity.
I don't need to be on this bridge. Okay.
Okay.
I think I need to like be smarter about
this. And I don't know what to do
cuz I feel like there's no way to sneak
around without just like ignoring them.
And I feel like I want to kill them all.
I feel like I want to kill them all.
Well, I feel like I want to go to bed.
Yeah, I think I think I might. Oh, it
already left.
Um,
yeah. Okay. I think I will probably stop
stream now, too.
But
Uh, was fun yelling about software and
video games.
[Music]
Okay.
Okay. Bye, horses. Thank you for coming.